Security brother
I'm not really a robber
I just want to withdraw some money.
Then what do you mean by how many sacks you took?
Don't you want to get more cash to make your wife happy?
You look like a loser
How can there be so much money?
If only your money could fill a sack
I call you dad
Hey chief
Got your message.
We went to another bank to get some cash
Northwest God of War pulled a truckload of cash
It will arrive later.
Humph
God I've never seen so much money
You don't need to call Dad.
Brother Wang, can I go first?
No, a man must count what he says
Daddy Daddy
Fang Chen, aren't you amazing?
Now Xiao Yunyan is in our hands.
If you have the guts, come on
Hey commander
Commander's Father
You don't want money.